we've been working on their coaster for
about three weeks now and judgement day
or the day they'll be graded has finally
come well so much concerned with the lap
record just because of the fact that
we've already broken two others we've
broken the height record and you put in
the second loop their coaster comes in
at a whopping six to ten and one-half
inches shattering the old record by over
two and a half feet and they do have the
double loop now they can get it to roll
around twice get credit now because it's
so heavy that he's make another link out
it'll just pull it in the sound but when
things suddenly start going bad on the
Ripper their goals of breaking records
seem to be breaking apart
Oh
at one point it may have seemed like all
was lost but this group pulled it
together and broke two of the three
school records I think the success just
because of the fact that we actually
accomplish what we came to accomplish we
got the double loop and we got an extra
height it functions for a little while
but I think it's a success I didn't
really well from misty at the beginning
when we started the roller coaster she
poses with the challenge of putting in
two loops and we said that no matter
what that's what we do and we did it I
think we met our goal and we exceeded
the expectations of our teachers and all
of our peers and that's what we were
going for and we whiled everybody by how
tall it was that's what we're going for
some of these students are thinking
about careers in engineering and a lot
of times when people think about
engineering they think maybe just about
building roads or building bridges and
things like that but engineering is a
really wide open field and there are
engineers that make designs for roller
coasters and so I think it really
broadens the field and it shows them
there are other areas that they can go
into for a FN i'm army sergeant Frank
mini Hohenfels Germany